I can't believe that Ly Bu Language still has his back.
It seems that today's plan to kill the dragon has failed.
You can only find the robber later.
Master Wang, you can t believe one side of him.
This is just his excuse to escape.
I implore Your Majesty to bring this heinous crime back to justice.
The world will be solved.
If you have slaves in your hands.
That means we have enough evidence to convict him.
The boss wants to think again.
But privately.
Temporarily release you today.
The truth of the matter comes to a head.
I'll investigate.
Go.
That way.
I suddenly remembered there was work in the house.
What am I going to do first?
My family is making soup.
I forgot to turn off the fire.
I have to go back, too.
Brother Hai, you have been cancelled today.
Don't worry, the boss will definitely give you a fair return.
Thank you for helping me talk today.
The second brother will remember in his heart.
What did you say?
It's all I should do.
Anjun helped me investigate Chai Boi Man.
Who has he met recently?
What did you do?
I can know everything.